welcome to module 1 Lesson 5 the Google
ads Sweet Spot how do you know if Google
ads is right for you because I can
promise you it's not a viable channel
for everyone sometimes it can be like
trying to smash a round peg in a square
hole it just doesn't work in my
experience over the years managing 10
million plus dollars in Google ads I
found that clients who meet the Google
ads Sweet Spot have the most success
with Google ads so if you're wondering
what is the Google ad Sweet Spot it's
three core things number one is a proven
concept there needs to be existing brand
awareness or a - tested proven concept
meaning if you've created an Innovative
product in a new category that no one
understands you're likely not going to
get a great return on your effort
invested in Google ads for example
imagine you tried to build a generative
AI product before chat GPT exploded and
made that category popular sure you
would have some success from before with
early adopters but it would be nowhere
near as impactful and great as if it is
now that people know what generative AI
is and more importantly people are
actually searching for these Solutions
which leads to the second criteria
existing demand people actively
searching people need to know your
solution exists if not they won't search
for it you need enough search volume
every month of people searching for your
solution or the problem it solves in
order to scale your Google ads and
achieve a meaningful result if there are
enough people searching for your
solution or the problem it solves then
you might not be able to achieve your
volume goals and will have to expand
into new advertising channels to scale
outside of search you can validate your
search volume estimates by using the
Google ads Keyword Planner let me show
you an example if I come here into the
Google ads Keyword Planner and I search
for Google ads courses let's see what we
get and if you're not familiar you can
find this under Tools and settings under
the planning Tab and then you can drop
down here to Keyword Planner and find it
so I search here Google ads courses I'm
going to look here in the United States
and if we scroll down here average
monthly searches I can see we have 1,300
monthly searches a month this is just an
average in an estimate so take it with a
gr of salt but this is a great way to
validate if there's actually people
searching for the thing that you're
thinking about advertising the third and
final criteria is enough margin you need
a high enough lifetime value to offset
acquisition cost if you've ever heard
the expression there needs to be enough
meat on the bone well when it comes to
Google ads there needs to be enough
Revenue after expenses the idea here is
the value of each customer you generate
from your Google ad campaigns has to be
greater than what you spent to acquire
them this is known as lifetime value if
you're only generating $100 per user
over the lifetime and it costs you $10
per click the likelihood of profits is
really Slim it's okay to be at a loss to
acquire a customer or break even
initially as long as you know 3 to 6
months down the line you're going to
recoup that investment if you're dealing
with a small budget for for example less
than $10,000 a month and you have
multiple product offerings I recommend
focusing on the one with the greatest
lifetime value and volume for example
let's say I was Salesforce and you can
see if we go to the product section
Salesforce has a ton of products now
Salesforce also is a billion dollar
company and they they can afford to
invest and promote each product but
assume you only had a th000 bucks a
month right uh you are better off being
a sniper and focusing on the products
that have the highest lifetime value
value the greatest win rates the ones
that have the greatest traction already
where the spread on your expenses and
your revenue is the uh greatest right
where you generate the best net return
so instead of focusing on all these
products assuming if I only had a small
budget maybe I would only promote the
marketing product for Salesforce as an
example remember Google ads is an
auction place and over time prices will
rise regardless of having great quality
scores your action item for this lesson
is to see if your organization or client
falls under the Google ads Sweet Spot do
you have a proven concept existing
demand and enough margin if you enjoy
this course and found value in it please
share with your friends or colleagues or
leave us a testimonial we appreciate any
help spreading the word so we can change
the lives as many marketers possible
I'll see you in the next one
[Music]